source/includes/_dropin.md, before:

# Drop-in UI
The PokitDok Drop-in UI enables anyone to add eligibility checks to their own website with a fully styled and functional UI.

* Patient eligibility in seconds
* One simple drop-in with full customization
* All major insurance carriers
* Detailed info including deductible status and co-pays


## Get Client ID
First you will need to <a href='https://platform.pokitdok.com/signup' target='_blank'>sign up for a PokitDok Platform account</a> and grab your ```Client ID``` from the Platform dashboard.


## Include JS File

```html
<script src="pokitdok.js"></script>
```

Download the `pokitdok.js` file <a href="">here</a> and include it in your website.


## Add HTML Container

```html
<div id="dropin-ui"></div>
```

Add an HTML container with a specific ID that will house your drop-in UI.


## Initialize Drop-in

```javascript
PokitDok.dropin('INSERT YOUR CLIENT ID HERE', {
   container: 'dropin-ui'
   type: 'eligibility'
})
```

Call the `PokitDok.dropin` function, using your PokitDok Platform `Client ID` and <a href='/#options'>options</a>.

You can also configure the drop-in on the <a href='https://platform.pokitdok.com' target='_blank'>Platform dashboard</a>.

The drop-in UI form will auto-populate in the HTML container that you specified, and you can run eligibility checks right away.

## Options

> Example with options:

```javascript
Pokitdok.dropin('INSERT YOUR CLIENT ID HERE', {
    container: 'dropin-ui',
    type: 'eligibility',
    onFormSuccess: function() {
        // do stuff here
    },
    onFormLoad: function() {
        // do stuff here
    }
}
```

<aside class="warning">
'container' and 'type' are required options for the drop-in UI to work.
</aside>

Name              | Description
------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
container         | The id of the HTML container that the drop-in UI will be housed in.
type              | The only type of drop-in UI currently supported is `eligibility`
onFormSuccess     | Function that gets called when the form has been submitted successfully
onFormLoad        | Function that gets called when the form has been loaded successfully

Commit message:

Updated drop-in steps to reflect new process with drop-in token

source/includes/_dropin.md, after:

# Drop-in UI
The PokitDok Drop-in UI enables anyone to add eligibility checks to their own website with a fully styled and functional UI.

* Patient eligibility in seconds
* One simple drop-in with full customization
* All major insurance carriers
* Detailed info including deductible status and co-pays


## 1. Get Drop-in Token
First you will need to <a href='https://platform.pokitdok.com/signup' target='_blank'>sign up for a PokitDok Platform account</a>
and generate a `Drop-In Token` from the Platform dashboard <a href='https://me.pokitdok.com:5002/dashboard#/dropin' target='_blank'>Drop-In UI</a> page, where you will need
to provide the hostname of the website where you'll be using the drop-in UI, as well as select the type of drop-in UI you'll be using.


## 2. Include JS File

```html
<script src="pokitdok.js"></script>
```

Download the `pokitdok.js` file <a href=''>here</a> and include it in your website.


## 3. Add HTML Container

```html
<div id="dropin-ui"></div>
```

Add an HTML container with a specific ID that will house your drop-in UI.


## 4. Initialize Drop-in

```javascript
PokitDok.dropin('INSERT YOUR DROP-IN TOKEN HERE', {
   container: 'dropin-ui'
   type: 'eligibility'
})
```

Call the `PokitDok.dropin` function, using your PokitDok Platform `Drop-In Token` and <a href='/#options'>options</a>.

The drop-in UI form will auto-populate in the HTML container that you specified, and you can run eligibility checks right away.

## Options

> Example with options:

```javascript
Pokitdok.dropin('INSERT YOUR DROP-IN TOKEN HERE', {
    container: 'dropin-ui',
    type: 'eligibility',
    onFormSuccess: function() {
        // do stuff here
    },
    onFormLoad: function() {
        // do stuff here
    }
}
```

<aside class="warning">
'container' and 'type' are required options for the drop-in UI to work.
</aside>

Name              | Description
------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
container         | The id of the HTML container that the drop-in UI will be housed in.
type              | The only type of drop-in UI currently supported is `eligibility`
onFormSuccess     | Function that gets called when the form has been submitted successfully
onFormLoad        | Function that gets called when the form has been loaded successfully
