source/includes/_plans.md, before:

## Plans
> example fetching plan information

```shell
curl -i -H "Authorization: Bearer $ACCESS_TOKEN" https://platform.pokitdok.com/api/v4/plans/
```
        
> example fetching information for plans in Texas

```shell
curl -i -H "Authorization: Bearer $ACCESS_TOKEN" https://platform.pokitdok.com/api/v4/plans/?state=TX
```

> example fetching information for PPO plans in South Carolina

```shell
curl -i -H "Authorization: Bearer $ACCESS_TOKEN" https://platform.pokitdok.com/api/v4/plans/?state=SC&plan_type=PPO
```
*Available modes of operation: real-time*

The Plans resource provides access to information about insurance plans.

Available Plans Endpoints:

Endpoint | HTTP Method | Description
-------- | ----------- | -----------
/plans/ | GET | Search insurance plan information

The /plans/ endpoint accepts the following parameters:

Argument | Description
-------- | -----------
trading_partner_id | The trading partner id of the payer offering the plan
county | The county in which the plan is available
state | The state in which the plan is available
plan_id | The identifier for the plan
plan_type | The type of plan (e.g. EPO, PPO, HMO, POS)
plan_name | The name of the plan
metallic_level | The metal level of the plan

The /plans/ response contains the following fields:

Field | Type | Description
----- | ---- | -----------
benefits_summary_url | {string} | URL to benefit summary information for the plan
customer_service_phone | {string} | The customer service phone number for the plan
deductible | {object} | The deductible amounts for individual and family coverage (when available)
deductible.individual | {float} | The deductible amount for individual coverage (when available)
deductible.family | {float} | The deductible amount for family coverage (when available)
max_out_of_pocket | {object} | The maximum out of pocket amounts for individual and family coverage (when available)
max_out_of_pocket.individual | {float} | The maximum out of pocket amount for individual coverage (when available)
max_out_of_pocket.family | {float} | The maximum out of pocket amount for family coverage (when available)
metallic_level | {string} | The metal level for marketplace plans (e.g.: bronze, silver, gold, and platinum)
plan_id | {string} | The ID assigned to the plan by the issuer
plan_name | {string} | Full name of the insurance plan
plan_type | {string} | The type of the plan (e.g.: PPO, HMO, EPO, etc.)
premiums | {array} | A list of monthly premium information for the plan (when available)
premiums.age | {int} | The age of the insurance subscriber
premiums.adults | {int} | Number of adults covered on the plan
premiums.children | {int} | Number of children covered on the plan
premiums.cost | {float} | The monthly premium cost for the plan
state | {string} | The state where the plan is offered (e.g.: CA, SC, etc.)
trading_partner_id | {string} | The trading partner id for the issuer of the plan

Commit message:

cleaned up formatting, and made everywhere say Endpoints instead of Resources

source/includes/_plans.md, after:

## Plans
> example fetching plan information

```shell
curl -i -H "Authorization: Bearer $ACCESS_TOKEN" https://platform.pokitdok.com/api/v4/plans/
```
        
> example fetching information for plans in Texas

```shell
curl -i -H "Authorization: Bearer $ACCESS_TOKEN" https://platform.pokitdok.com/api/v4/plans/?state=TX
```

> example fetching information for PPO plans in South Carolina

```shell
curl -i -H "Authorization: Bearer $ACCESS_TOKEN" https://platform.pokitdok.com/api/v4/plans/?state=SC&plan_type=PPO
```
*Available modes of operation: real-time*

The Plans endpoint provides access to information about insurance plans.
Currently, the plans returned are those available through the federal exchange.
Additional plans may be added later.

Endpoint | HTTP Method | Description
-------- | ----------- | -----------
/plans/ | GET | Search insurance plan information

The /plans/ endpoint accepts the following parameters:

Argument | Description
-------- | -----------
trading_partner_id | The trading partner id of the payer offering the plan
county | The county in which the plan is available
state | The state in which the plan is available
plan_id | The identifier for the plan
plan_type | The type of plan (e.g. EPO, PPO, HMO, POS)
plan_name | The name of the plan
metallic_level | The metal level of the plan

The /plans/ response contains the following fields:

Field | Type | Description
----- | ---- | -----------
benefits_summary_url | {string} | URL to benefit summary information for the plan
customer_service_phone | {string} | The customer service phone number for the plan
deductible | {object} | The deductible amounts for individual and family coverage (when available)
deductible.individual | {float} | The deductible amount for individual coverage (when available)
deductible.family | {float} | The deductible amount for family coverage (when available)
max_out_of_pocket | {object} | The maximum out of pocket amounts for individual and family coverage (when available)
max_out_of_pocket.individual | {float} | The maximum out of pocket amount for individual coverage (when available)
max_out_of_pocket.family | {float} | The maximum out of pocket amount for family coverage (when available)
metallic_level | {string} | The metal level for marketplace plans (e.g.: bronze, silver, gold, and platinum)
plan_id | {string} | The ID assigned to the plan by the issuer
plan_name | {string} | Full name of the insurance plan
plan_type | {string} | The type of the plan (e.g.: PPO, HMO, EPO, etc.)
premiums | {array} | A list of monthly premium information for the plan (when available)
premiums.age | {int} | The age of the insurance subscriber
premiums.adults | {int} | Number of adults covered on the plan
premiums.children | {int} | Number of children covered on the plan
premiums.cost | {float} | The monthly premium cost for the plan
state | {string} | The state where the plan is offered (e.g.: CA, SC, etc.)
trading_partner_id | {string} | The trading partner id for the issuer of the plan
